## Feasibility Report
	- ### Operational Feasibility
		- Operational feasibility describes how well the project will solve the problem or issue that it is being designed to solve. In my case there are two problems that I am facing including ensuring that the game is fun to play and is able to be used by other less experienced programmers and also to teach me how to code using the object oriented development approach. In terms of the first problem to solve, I believe that my game will be quite feasible as it is quite fun to play and its also well coded so it can be used by less experienced coders as inspiration and for different ways to achieve things. In terms of the second problem to solve, I believe the project has been quite feasible as I have gained a lot of experience and knowledge in how to use the OOP method over the course of the project.
	- ### Financial feasibility
		- Financial feasibility describes a project's ability to produce revenue and therefore profit as a result of widespread distribution and selling. In the case of my own project I believe that this game would have good financial feasibility as it is very fun to play which would draw in potential purchasers of the project. However I think the financial feasibility is diminished due to the games less neat UI and the fact that the pygame module must be installed on any computer where the game wants to run which could deter potential buyers.
	- ### Technical feasibility
		- Technical feasibility describes the project's ability to be developed and run on users computers given the hardware and software available to the developers. In my case I believe that due to the presence of software such as visual studio code the project is able to be easily developed and tested with its built in terminal thus improving the technical feasibility. However, due to the low performance CPUS that the computers we must program the game with, the running and testing of the game can be slow due to low frame-rates and slower calculations, thus reducing the technical feasibility.
	- ### Feasibility Overview
		- Overall, I believe that my project was semi feasible in most areas making it quite desirable for further development but also improvement. I found that the area of the project that increased its feasibility were its excellent solutions to the problems that we faced such as being quite fun to play and a good learning tool as well as furthering my understanding and practice in the OOP development approach. Both of these factors increased the operational feasibility and in turn the overall feasibility. I also found that there were no areas that made the project less feasible, however, there were some factors such as the lower performance computers that we had to develop the project on, bringing down the technical feasibility, as well as the fact that the games UI was not as neat as it could have been, thus reducing the financial feasibility and in turn the overall feasibility of the project.
-